Log CEL runtime errors and record them in audit entries (#3260)
cerbos/cerbos: .changelog/20260703_1028.txt

type:enhancement
Log CEL runtime errors raised during policy evaluation and include them in audit log entries

> When a condition or variable expression raises a runtime error at evaluation time (for example, comparing incompatible types or referencing a missing attribute), the expression is treated as not satisfied. Cerbos now logs each such error and includes it in the audit log entry for the request, so that affected policies can be found and corrected. The log level can be configured with the xref:configuration:engine.adoc#cel_error_log_level[`engine.celErrorLogLevel`] setting (default `warn`; `none` disables the log messages but the errors are still recorded in audit log entries). From Cerbos v0.55, a DENY rule whose condition raises a runtime error will be applied instead of skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a condition or variable expression raises a runtime error at evaluation time (for example, comparing incompatible types or referencing a missing attribute), the expression is treated as not satisfied. Cerbos now logs each such error and includes it in the audit log entry for the request, so that affected policies can be found and corrected. The log level can be configured with the xref:configuration:engine.adoc#cel_error_log_level[`engine.celErrorLogLevel`] setting (default `warn`; `none` disables the log messages but the errors are still recorded in audit log entries). From Cerbos v0.55, a DENY rule whose condition raises a runtime error will be considered as satisfying the DENY condition.
```
